here are the 10 college secrets every
freshman should know so if you're
anxious about going to college
you should probably invest in next like
10 minutes to watch this video until the
end in order to avoid wasting the next
four years of your life hey my name is
Hao foo I haven't had a haircut in three
months go home and I'm a senior who
study marketing at UBC started one of
the best business schools in Canada and
last year I made it my life's mission to
study patterns of success for students
and these are the tips I learned from
interviewing top students from
universities like Harvard MIT and
Stanford combined with my own personal
experience of course and by the end of
this video you should feel prepared and
excited to go to college let's jump into
it number one don't clean to your high
school friends what if I don't have
friends happy it's okay come here come
here come here just let it out I'm not
saying you should just completely get
rid of your high score friends because
I'm sure really good friends with one of
my high school friends Jenson who went
to start it with me I'm just saying
don't rely on your high score friends
because you're too afraid to make
friends with new people there's a
difference in one situation you're like
a cute puppy everyone wants you pet at
the park the other it's gonna sound a
little harsh
you're like a stray dog in the back
alley who's just pleading for food I'm
not trying to be mean the more important
reason is I don't want you to limit your
growth you need to be set free to
explore and reinvent your character
that's why you should make new friends
how
number two make friends in your first
week or you will be forever alone and
once you found your crew make your
friends your number one priority
everyone you're scared don't worry about
it
I mean the first week everyone is
looking to make friends and this is
prime time for you to introduce yourself
later in the semester though everyone's
already found their own clique and has
busy schedules so it's gonna be a lot
harder for you to make friends so in
your first week your only goal should be
to introduce yourself to every single
person that you sit beside and then Adam
on social media and then ask them to go
grab lunch or dinner with you that's the
best way to hang out but here's the
thing you're like what if I don't like
them well you don't have to like all
your friends in the first week because
there's a strategy I discovered it works
for a lot of things but it works for
friendships to make friends with a lot
of people and then drop the ones you
don't like and keep the ones that you
really do and be loyal to them
University is not small like high school
it's a mini town so if you don't make an
effort to see someone you're not gonna
see them your friends are the most
valuable asset you'll have in college go
fuel those friendships oh and the next
step is gonna save you a lot of time
don't do all your reading you'll be
assigned a lot of readings in college
just imagine reading like a Bible a week
between all your classes and especially
the humanities and arts studies oh baby
good luck
I mean seriously who has the time to
read these things anyway I'd rather
spend my time reading those type of
books more useful I know if you're a
hard-working a plus student you're
probably like trembling at the thought
of disobeying your teachers but trust me
trust me your guide your bro hafu go I
got you man covering every page of every
assigned reading is rarely necessary in
college here's what you should do
instead for class pre reading so you
should probably just skim over the
entire document and then take really
good notes in class and if you don't
know how to take notes you can watch my
note-taking video after this because you
don't want to miss it
these tips and the secret to reading
textbooks is to read the introduction
and the conclusion paragraphs very very
carefully because they will summarize
everything within that chapter also
another pro tip is just to read the
table of contents and google any
definitions you don't know and lastly
your teachers lecture slides are the
golden ticket to that a plus in the
class because they tell you everything
that your teacher expects you to know
and you can read about the things you
don't understand in the lecture slides
skip optional readings completely
because ain't nobody got time for that
with all due respect teachers I got more
important things to do like sleeping
number four just nicely for class begi
joggers lightly stained t-shirt baseball
cap and a baggy version of your
University hoodie does not count as
giving teresi in the morning I don't
you've been stuck at home and you're not
used to getting dressed I mean I put in
a lot of effort today but it's very
important to go to class dress nicely
for two reasons one you'll feel more
confident and we would feel better it
just seems like your life has a nice
Instagram filter all over it and - ain't
no QT gonna notice you when you dressed
up like a potato so college is a time
for first times you're probably not
gonna have your first time if you go in
just like a potato sack and the question
I get a lot from the high school
students that mentor is will my grades
drop a lot listen to the next tip
number five your grades will be
massively deflated if you got into your
dream college Congrats man
you've probably got really good grades
in high school and you probably think
you're pretty smart or so you think I
mean I was one of those kids I got a 96%
average on my high school at grade and
when I went into college the first year
I almost failed math 104
it was calculus College grades are not
the same as high school grades getting a
80% or even a 90% is a lot harder than
you think and don't be surprised when
you get your first test mark back that
you got at 76% your grains are not a
reflection of your personal ability you
have to remember that there are a lot of
variables that goes into a test mark for
example are you hungry
did you sleep last night and what was
this scaling like for the class how much
did you like studying for the class
because that matters there's a lot of
things so it's not fair to judge
yourself based on your test mark just
yourself based on your looks and said
number six seek out fun contrary to what
you may have seen in like every college
movie made ever
no cute girl is gonna accidentally bump
into you in the hallways
[Music]
how do you want for your calling are you
blind hello and take you on the venture
of your lifetime unless of course you're
me I actually had a pretty fun and
romantic freshman year I dropped my name
card go in front of me turn around
locked eyes with me and smiled after
class we went to triple O's and a some
burgers later that night we went for a
walk around campus and hopped a fence
that led to the football stadium and by
this time was like 2:00 a.m. now the two
of us just laid there in the middle of
the empty football stadium looking at
the sky and stargazing through the night
Wow and it's a long story from there
you'll never get to hear anyway my point
is my point is you have to seek out fun
you have to be adventurous you have to
be spontaneous and fun isn't gonna come
to you you have to create it
you gotta seek out things that tickle
your heart oh don't miss this Knicks tip
because this is what's gonna get you a
high-paying job after you graduate
number seven befriend a professor unlike
your high school teachers a lot of the
university teachers if they're good have
previous work experience in the field
that they're teaching so that makes them
an extremely valuable resource for you
they can give you career advice they can
give you life advice and if you are
friends with them they can even connect
you to work opportunities that you will
never find onion decom but you're saying
I'm 18 how am I gonna be friends with
someone that's like 30 or 40 years old
well the best way to do is just to go to
their office hours it's pretty simple
and ask some questions but you gotta
come prepared because if you ask stupid
questions they're just gonna like be
annoyed every time they see your face
then go back more often and gradually
ask some more personal questions like
what do you like to do on the weekends
or can you give me advice on this
I actually made friends with one of my
marketing professors by asked him to
critique my YouTube channel
and then I implemented what he said
which is important and that's how he
invited me to drink beer with him at the
end of the semester it was quite a fun
time
all right let's switch it up a little
bit the next three aren't gonna be
rapid-fire round
short but very very powerful you don't
want to miss these
number eight study alone and not at home
sure organized study sessions it's a
great way to get someone to come out and
meet with you but give up any hope of
doing anything productive in that study
session you might as well just think of
it as a hangout session and don't study
at home your bed is too seductive it's
always calling you and it will find you
and it will get you it will wrap you off
like a warm taco and you won't be able
to escape onto one hour right before
your essay deadline life lesson number
nine spend a semester abroad studying
abroad at Chinua University was one of
the best decisions I made during my
college career it was where I started my
youtube channel actually Steve Jobs has
a quote that has influenced my outlook
on life and it goes like this everyone
puts you on this path you know to go to
high school go to college but what you
got to do is get different experiences
you might want to think about going to
Paris and being a poet for a few years
or else you're gonna make the same
connections and then you won't be
innovative studying abroad
gives you a cheap way to collect
experiences because you're paying
student housing price and also when I
wasn't studying abroad I was paid to do
it
I got a scholarship they cover all my
living expenses and they gave me an
allowance of three hundred yen per month
that's like five hundred dollars how
cool is that so definitely when you're
going to your university research the
study abroad programs that they have
thank me later
this next tip is a most important tip
and if you only take one thing away
please
let it be this dare to dream and seek
out other dreamers this is a most
important thing I realized in my college
career in my eyes if I didn't follow
this tip my college experience would
have been a failure I wouldn't have
gotten anything out of it
of course college is all about try new
things and collecting experiences but
the difference between regular students
and successful students like the ones I
interviewed at Harvard is a fact that
the successful students always push a
pursuit to its limits this is the
essence of daring to dream take your
most important project and ramp up the
criteria for success dare to dream
bigger and screw the doubters who are
gonna say that it's not worth doing or
that you can't do it they're just people
who didn't have the balls to pursue
their own dreams so they're gonna talk
down on you for pursuing yours so that's
why in order to keep your hopes alive
and keep yourself saying you need to
surround yourself with other dreamers
like we have at this channel we have a
community over 60,000 other dreamers
just like you if they're in high school
they're looking to gain to their dream
schools and if they're in college
already they're looking to gain to a
career that's fulfilling and makes a lot
of money for example working at Google
as a software engineer screw the
doubters who say you can because your
success is gonna taste sweeter than
their haterade and click the subscribe
button if you're our dreamer if not
don't click it don't click it and smack
that like button for the YouTube
algorithm if you want to find out what
the first week of college is really like
click here I explained everything
my name is half ago and just remember
big things coming